README.md, before:

# Video-based-gait-analysis-for-dementia
MAX-GRNet: Human Pose Estimation from Video
| Architecture                                                                                               |                                           
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ![Architecture](https://github.com/lisqzqng/Video-based-gait-analysis-for-dementia/blob/main/Full_MAX-GRNet.png)| 

| Qualitative Result                                                                                         | 
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| 
| ![Qualitative Result](https://github.com/lisqzqng/Video-based-gait-analysis-for-dementia/blob/main/sample_with_skeleton.gif)|

## Getting Started
Video-based-gait-analysis-for-dementia has been implemented and tested on Ubuntu 20.04, GeForce RTX 3090 with python >= 3.7 and cuda >= 11.0. It supports both GPU and CPU inference.

Clone the repo:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/lisqzqng/Video-based-gait-analysis-for-dementia.git
```

Get into the directory Video-based-gait-analysis-for-dementia/. Install the requirements using `conda`. If you donnot have `conda`, use following commands to install on linux:
```bash
# find the version you want on `https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/`
curl -O https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda-3.7.3-Linux-x86_64.sh
# then follow the prompts. The defaults are generally good.
sh Miniconda-3.7.3-Linux-x86_64.sh
```
```bash
# conda
source scripts/install_conda.sh
```
( Please ignore the error related to tensorflow/tensorboard installation. )

Before eventually running the code, you need download the required data(i.e trained models, SMPL model parameters, etc.). To do this you can just run:

```bash
source scripts/prepare_data.sh
```
## Batch generating the 3D joints

Please refer to [the instructions](doc/batch_generation.md) for execution details.

## Running the Demo
We have prepared a demo code to run Video-based-gait-analysis-for-dementia on arbitrary videos. You can run the demo as following:

```bash
# Run on a local video
python demo.py --vid_file sample_video.mp4 --output_folder output/ --display
```
```bash
# Run on a YouTube video on CPU
python demo.py --vid_file https://www.youtube.com/xxxxx --output_folder output/ --display --cpu_only
```
```bash
# Run on video with mesh output
python demo.py --vid_file sample_video.mp4 --output_folder output/ --ckpt checkpoint/max-grnet.pth.tar
```

Refer to [`doc/demo.md`](doc/demo.md) for more details about the demo code.
## Skeleton datasets of patients
(Will be made available)
## References
This project mainly benefits from the following resources: 
  - Pretrained HMR and some functions are borrowed from [SPIN](https://github.com/nkolot/SPIN).
  - SMPL models and layer is from [SMPL-X model](https://github.com/vchoutas/smplx).
  - GAN-based pose estimation structure is referred from [VIBE](https://github.com/mkocabas/VIBE).
  - Pretrained Part Attention model and structures are borrowed from [PARE](https://github.com/mkocabas/PARE).

## Citation

```
@inproceedings{wang2023amai,
  title={Video-based gait analysis for assessing Alzheimer’s Disease and Dementia with Lewy Bodies},
  author={Wang, Diwei and Zouaoui, Chaima and Jang, Jinhyeok and Drira, Hassen and Seo, Hyewon},
  booktitle={International Workshop on Applications of Medical AI},
  pages={72--82},
  year={2023},
  organization={Springer}
}
```

**Note:**
This code is only used for **academic purposes**, people cannot use this code for anything that might be considered commercial use.

Commit message:

Update skeleton dataset use term

README.md, after:

# Video-based-gait-analysis-for-dementia
MAX-GRNet: Human Pose Estimation from Video
| Architecture                                                                                               |                                           
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ![Architecture](https://github.com/lisqzqng/Video-based-gait-analysis-for-dementia/blob/main/Full_MAX-GRNet.png)| 

| Qualitative Result                                                                                         | 
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| 
| ![Qualitative Result](https://github.com/lisqzqng/Video-based-gait-analysis-for-dementia/blob/main/sample_with_skeleton.gif)|

## Getting Started
Video-based-gait-analysis-for-dementia has been implemented and tested on Ubuntu 20.04, GeForce RTX 3090 with python >= 3.7 and cuda >= 11.0. It supports both GPU and CPU inference.

Clone the repo:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/lisqzqng/Video-based-gait-analysis-for-dementia.git
```

Get into the directory Video-based-gait-analysis-for-dementia/. Install the requirements using `conda`. If you donnot have `conda`, use following commands to install on linux:
```bash
# find the version you want on `https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/`
curl -O https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda-3.7.3-Linux-x86_64.sh
# then follow the prompts. The defaults are generally good.
sh Miniconda-3.7.3-Linux-x86_64.sh
```
```bash
# conda
source scripts/install_conda.sh
```
( Please ignore the error related to tensorflow/tensorboard installation. )

Before eventually running the code, you need download the required data(i.e trained models, SMPL model parameters, etc.). To do this you can just run:

```bash
source scripts/prepare_data.sh
```
## Batch generating the 3D joints

Please refer to [the instructions](doc/batch_generation.md) for execution details.

## Running the Demo
We have prepared a demo code to run Video-based-gait-analysis-for-dementia on arbitrary videos. You can run the demo as following:

```bash
# Run on a local video
python demo.py --vid_file sample_video.mp4 --output_folder output/ --display
```
```bash
# Run on a YouTube video on CPU
python demo.py --vid_file https://www.youtube.com/xxxxx --output_folder output/ --display --cpu_only
```
```bash
# Run on video with mesh output
python demo.py --vid_file sample_video.mp4 --output_folder output/ --ckpt checkpoint/max-grnet.pth.tar
```

Refer to [`doc/demo.md`](doc/demo.md) for more details about the demo code.
## Skeleton datasets of patients
To obtain a copy of the Robertsau dataset, please carefully read and sign the Robertsau Dataset Release [Agreement](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1iNk3E3XGtLICvrYVV1DCorLHQERvgDAm/view?usp=sharing). Once you have signed the agreement, submit it to the designated contact email: d.wang@unistra.fr. Upon validation of your signed agreement, a copy of the dataset will be made available to you.

## References
This project mainly benefits from the following resources: 
  - Pretrained HMR and some functions are borrowed from [SPIN](https://github.com/nkolot/SPIN).
  - SMPL models and layer is from [SMPL-X model](https://github.com/vchoutas/smplx).
  - GAN-based pose estimation structure is referred from [VIBE](https://github.com/mkocabas/VIBE).
  - Pretrained Part Attention model and structures are borrowed from [PARE](https://github.com/mkocabas/PARE).

## Citation

```
@inproceedings{wang2023amai,
  title={Video-based gait analysis for assessing Alzheimer’s Disease and Dementia with Lewy Bodies},
  author={Wang, Diwei and Zouaoui, Chaima and Jang, Jinhyeok and Drira, Hassen and Seo, Hyewon},
  booktitle={International Workshop on Applications of Medical AI},
  pages={72--82},
  year={2023},
  organization={Springer}
}
```

**Note:**
This code is only used for **academic purposes**, people cannot use this code for anything that might be considered commercial use.
